SuperPins/README.md, before:

# SuperPins

This **Zen Mod** elevates your experience with pinned tabs and Essentials by making some UI/UX changes.

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JLBlk/Zen-Themes/refs/heads/main/SuperPins/image.png)

## Features (toggle in Zens Mod settings):
  - Increase the width of Essentials/Pins (This can be controlled through a dropdown)
  - Controllable Margins between Essentials/Pins (3 Options Dropdown)
  - Move Essentials to the bottom ([@CosmoCreeper](https://github.com/CosmoCreeper))
  - Grid Layout for pinned tabs (Similar to Essentials, icon only)
  - Auto-Grow for pinned tabs & Essentials to fit the full width of its row. ([@CosmoCreeper](https://github.com/CosmoCreeper))
  - Subtle Background for pinned tabs
  - Border around pinned tabs and/or Essentials
  - Box like corners for Essentials (less rounded corners)
  - Make Essentials transparent
  - Hide the workspace indicator between Essentials and Pins
  - Load pinned tabs only when using them, instead of loading all of them on startup
  - Dim unloaded tabs ([@CosmoCreeper](https://github.com/CosmoCreeper))
  - Customize height of Pinned tabs (Small, Normal, Large) ([@gabry-ts](https://github.com/gabry-ts))
  - Adjust tab favicon size (Small, Normal, Large) ([@gabry-ts](https://github.com/gabry-ts))
  - Change workspace icons size (Extra Small, Small, Medium, Large) ([@gabry-ts](https://github.com/gabry-ts))
  - Control the current workspace indicator icon size (Small, Normal, Large) ([@gabry-ts](https://github.com/gabry-ts))

## Credits
- Huge Thanks to [@CosmoCreeper](https://github.com/CosmoCreeper) and [@gabry-ts](https://github.com/gabry-ts) for their incredible work!

Commit message:

Removed unnecessary credits and add new settings to description.
In this commit, I have removed unnecessary credits (credits to me) as I am now the new maintainer and credits to me are implied. I have also added new settings to the description that were included in 1.5.1.

SuperPins/README.md, after:

# SuperPins

This **Zen Mod** elevates your experience with pinned tabs and Essentials by making some UI/UX changes.

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JLBlk/Zen-Themes/refs/heads/main/SuperPins/image.png)

## Features (toggle in Zens Mod settings):
  - Increase the width of Essentials/Pins (This can be controlled through a dropdown)
  - Controllable Margins between Essentials/Pins (3 Options Dropdown)
  - Move Essentials to the bottom
  - Grid Layout for pinned tabs (Similar to Essentials, icon only)
  - Auto-Grow for pinned tabs & Essentials to fit the full width of its row.
  - Subtle Background for pinned tabs
  - Border around pinned tabs and/or Essentials
  - Box like corners for Essentials (less rounded corners)
  - Make Essentials transparent
  - Hide the workspace indicator between Essentials and Pins
  - Load pinned tabs only when using them, instead of loading all of them on startup
  - Keep pinned tabs at the top when scrolling
  - Add a custom background to active Pins
  - Add a strike-through effect on unloaded tabs
  - Dim unloaded tabs
  - Customize height of Pinned tabs (Small, Normal, Large) ([@gabry-ts](https://github.com/gabry-ts))
  - Adjust tab favicon size (Small, Normal, Large) ([@gabry-ts](https://github.com/gabry-ts))
  - Change workspace icons size (Extra Small, Small, Medium, Large) ([@gabry-ts](https://github.com/gabry-ts))
  - Control the current workspace indicator icon size (Small, Normal, Large) ([@gabry-ts](https://github.com/gabry-ts))
  - Limit column size of Essentials/Pins.

## Credits
- Huge Thanks to [@gabry-ts](https://github.com/gabry-ts) and the [original creator](https://github.com/JLBlk) of this mod.
